fixing a sentence (#20476)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/first_steps/how_css_works/index.md

## What happens if a browser encounters CSS it doesn't understand?

> [In an earlier lesson](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/First_steps/What_is_CSS#browser_support) it is mentioned that browsers do not implement all of the new CSS features at the same time. In addition, many people are not using the latest version of a browser. Given that CSS is being developed all the time, and is therefore ahead of what browsers can recognize, you might wonder what happens if a browser encounters a CSS selector or declaration it doesn't recognize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [browser support section of the what is browser support lesson](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/First_steps/What_is_CSS#browser_support) mentioned that browsers do not necessarily implement new CSS features at the same time. In addition, many people are not using the latest version of a browser. Given that CSS is being developed all the time, and is therefore ahead of what browsers can recognize, you might wonder what happens if a browser encounters a CSS selector or declaration it doesn't recognize.
```
